This small library is a helper tool.  It is completely Open Source; feel free
to copy and use however you see fit, just as long as you give credit (or
blame) where either is due.

The library consists of one class, math_vector.

math_vector can be constructed with cartesian coordinates using its base
constructor, or by using the static helper function createFromPolar(angle,
magnitude)

The instances expose getters for X and Y for cartesian coordinates, and Angle
(expressed in degrees) and Magnitude

There are no setters; instead, you use rotate(degrees) negative going counter
clockwise to adjust the angle, the overloaded multiplication and division
operators to adjust the magnitude, and the overloaded addition and subtraction
operators (on math_vector references) to adjust the x and y

For speed reasons, there is also a rightAngle() function which uses a special
property of cartesian coordinate systems to avoid the expensive trigonometric
calls.  For 'historical reasons' (read: the first time I wrote these routines,
I had to chose a direction) rightAngle() goes counter clockwise.

Because cross product on vectors is useful for geometric algorithms, it is
implemented here, returning the scalar value of the Z coordinate of the cross
product.  On this coordinate system, this means that if the B in A.cross(B) is
clockwise of A between 0 and 180, the return value is positive, if the angle
of A and B is the same, the return value is 0, otherwise it's negative.


The operators, rotate, and rightAngle all return math_vector copies, for
chaining calls.  So, for instance, to go clockwise without using trig calls,
you can:
    math_vector ex=old_vector.rightAngle()*-1;
    which leaves the magnitude the same size, but changes the angle to point
    in the opposite direction.

Due to it's size, this library could be used as just an object file with no
adjustment.  The Makefile constructs it to a shared lib for completeness sake.

Also, the convention the angles follow is 
     North :: Up    :: -y direction :: angle 0
     East  :: Right :: +x direction :: angle 90

angles greater than or equal to 360 get 360 subtracted from them until they
are in range, angles less than 0 get 360 added to them.

 
